Rob/1.36.0 docs (#1314)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/SCIMGroup.adoc

---
layout: doc
title: SCIM Group APIs
description: APIs for provisioning SCIM Groups in FusionAuth using your SCIM Client
---

== Overview

This page contains all of the APIs for managing Groups through SCIM Group requests.

* <<Create a Group>>
* <<Delete a Group>>
* <<Retrieve a Group>>
* <<Update a Group>>

== Create a Group

This API is used to create a new FusionAuth Group from a SCIM request.

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Create a Group from a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#POST# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/Groups#
--

:http_method: POST
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-group-request-body.adoc[]

=== Response

The response for this API contains the Group that was just created in SCIM schema format.

:webhook_event:
:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/_standard-post-response-codes.adoc[]
:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

> For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

Reviewer: Is this worth breaking out to an include? I see it often :)

Author: You mean just that one sentence? That seems like maybe overkill, but I can do it if you think it's useful.

:create_Group:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-group-response-body.adoc[]
:create_Group!:

== Delete a Group

> This API is used to delete a FusionAuth Group through a SCIM request. You must specify the Id of the Group on the URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is used to hard delete a FusionAuth Group through a SCIM request. You must specify the Id of the Group on the URI.
```

:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

== Retrieve a Group

This API is used to retrieve a FusionAuth Group in SCIM schema format through a SCIM request.

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Retrieves a Group through a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#GET# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/Groups/`\{GroupId\}`#
--
==== Request Parameters

[.api]
[field]#GroupId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional#::
The FusionAuth GroupId.

:http_method: GET

=== Response

The response for this API contains the Group in SCIM schema format.

:webhook_event:
:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/_standard-post-response-codes.adoc[]
:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

:create_Group:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-group-response-body.adoc[]
:create_Group!:

== Update a Group

> This API is used to update a new FusionAuth Group from a SCIM request. This is a true update meaning that the FusionAuth Group will be overwritten with only the data contained in the request. It is NOT a partial update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is used to update a new FusionAuth Group from a SCIM request. The FusionAuth Group will be overwritten with only the data contained in the request. It is not a partial update or patch.
```

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Updates a Group from a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#PUT# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/Groups/`\{GroupId\}`#
--
==== Request Parameters

[.api]
[field]#GroupId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional#::
The FusionAuth GroupId.

:http_method: PUT
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-group-request-body.adoc[]

=== Response

> The response for this API contains the Group that was just updated in SCIM schema format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response for this API contains the Group that was updated in SCIM schema format.
```
